### ERC20 tokens
- A **token** on Ethereum is basically just a smart contract thats following some common rules
- Namely it implements a standard set of functions that all other token contracts share such as
	- `transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _tokenId)`
	- `balanceOf(address _owner)`
- Internally the smart contract usually has a mapping, `mapping(address => uint256) balances`, that keeps track of how much balance each address has.
- So basically a token is just a contract that keeps track of who owns how much of that token, and some functions so those users can transfer their tokens to other addresses.
- Since all ERC20 tokens share the same set of functions with the same names, they can all be interacted with in the same ways.
- This means if you build an application that is capable of interacting with one ERC20 token, it's also capable of interacting with any ERC20 token.
- One example of this would be an exchange. 
	- When an exchange adds a new ERC20 token, really it just needs to add another smart contract it talks to. 
	- Users can tell that contract to send tokens to the exchange's wallet address, and the exchange can tell the contract to send the tokens back out to users when they request a withdraw.

### ERC721 Tokens
- Not interchangeable since each one is assumed to be unique and are not divisible
- These are used for collectables
- Note that using a standard like ERC721 has the benefit that we don't have to implement the auction or escrow logic within our contract that determines how players can trade / sell our zombies. If we conform to the spec, someone else could build an exchange platform for crypto-tradable ERC721 assets, and our ERC721 zombies would be usable on that platform. So there are clear benefits to using a token standard instead of rolling your own trading logic.

