### Chainlink & Oracles

- **Blockchain Oracles** are devices that connect our smart contracts with data and computation from the real worlds
- Example
	- Price data on currencies
	- Random number generators
	- Any other data we can think of
- Blockchains can't interact with the outside would
	- Intentionally isolated and deterministics by nature
- So all we have to do is trust one of these devices to honestly deliver our data and we are all set?
	- The quick answer is no
	- Not until there is **social trust** or you come up with a **decentralized version**
	- All this work to build smart contracts in a decentralized context, you would ruin all the effort by pulling your data from a centralized version
	- If all this data is only central to you, then its centralized
- When your smart contracts include data or computation from oracles, they are considered **hybrid smart contracts**
- Many of the most successful decentralized applications include data from the external world

### On-chain vs. Off-chain Transactions
#### On-Chain
- An **on-chain** transaction occurs and is considered valid when the blockchain is modifed to reflect the transaction on the public ledger
	- Involves the transaction being validated and authenticated by a suitable number of participants, recording the details of the transaction on the suitable block, and broadcasting the necessary information to the whole blockchain network, which makes it irreversible.

#### Benefits of **on-chain** transactions
1. **Security:** Data stored on a blockchain is encrypted end to end and cannot be altered once recorded.
2. **Decentralization:** Blockchains are not subject to a central authority for governance, which means there’s virtually no risk of an intermediary breaching trust or manipulating data flow.
3. **Transparency:** The use of a distributed ledger means transactions are simultaneously recorded and validated in multiple locations. Using a [blockchain explorer](https://www.blockchain.com/explorer), anyone can trace a transaction back to a unique wallet address and view its activity, allowing independent verification of claims and transactions.
	
#### Disadvantages of on-chain transactions
1. **Slow transactions:** The speed of a blockchain transaction can vary depending on the volume of transactions in the queue to be processed, which can lead to network congestion.
2. **High transaction fees:** When the volume of transactions is high, network fees also rise. During times of high demand, the network can become extremely expensive to use.
3. **Power usage:** Specific to proof-of-work consensus mechanisms, the mining process uses a large amount of computational power and energy.

#### Off-chain
- In contrast, an **off-chain** transaction takes the value outside of the blockchain. It can be executed using multiple methods.
	- There can be a transfer agreement between transacting parties.
	- Using a third party such as a [guarantor](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/g/guarantor.asp) who guarantees to honor the transaction. Present-day payment processors such as PayPal work on these lines.
	- A participant purchases coupons in exchange for the crypto-tokens and gives the code to another party who can then redeem them. Redemption is possible in the same cryptocurrency or in different ones, depending on the coupon service provider.
	
#### Benefits of **off-chain** transactions
1. **Faster transaction speeds:** Off-chain transactions don’t have to wait for the main blockchain network to confirm a transaction, making it faster or even instantaneous to process.
2. **Lower cost:** Transactions confirmed off-chain require little-to-no fees because the process of validation through mining or staking isn’t needed. This feature is especially useful in handling large sums of cryptocurrency.
3. **Greater anonymity:** Off-chain transactions offer more privacy because the data is not being publicly broadcast to the network.

#### Disadvantages of **off-chain** transactions
1. **Less transparency:** Transactions that occur off-chain do not follow the same protocol as a blockchain, opening up more potential for disputes.
2. **No consensus method:** Without a consensus among all the users on the network, validation and authentication may be left to an intermediary. This means trust needs to be given to this third party instead of allowing all the network participants to agree as a collective.
3. **Can be less secure:** Blocks added to a blockchain cannot be altered, so operating outside of the blockchain makes a network more vulnerable to fraudulent activity.